$ python3 $GUIDE/readiness.py --preflight $EVIDENCE/02-preflight.json --task-kind code-sql --color never --ascii
TRAIGENT OPTIMIZATION READINESS        7/100  NOT READY

  BLOCKER  7/100 NOT READY is what your evidence supports, and that stands. Whether the
           paid run may start is a separate question: 3 things have to be cleared
           first, each marked FIX BEFORE PAID RUN below. Your assistant will explain
           and address these items with you, then recheck readiness before any paid
           comparison.

Confirmed absence is a measured structural finding. The missing component's quality has not been tested.

  AGENT       --------------------  0/100  (no agent source read; 0 of 5 checks measured)
    ? no reading of how the agent is built reached this score; reading the agent is what answers this
        ? whether it ends, and on what
        ? whether the answer's shape is pinned down
        ? what the model is told, and shown
        ? tools it declares, and can reach
    ? how many settings-combinations there are to try  no settings document was provided to this score
    not covered by this pillar: whether your dataset and evaluation method are wired into the agent - this run builds that integration and verifies it against the installed SDK, so the opening read has nothing to measure

  DATASET     ####----------------  18/100  (3 of 5 checks measured)
    ? range of difficulty           no rows carry a difficulty tag - spread is unverified, not absent
    ? repeated or dominant answers  duplication was not checked
    !! answers to score against      40 rows, none with an expectation
    !! examples to compare on        no tuning set and held-out set, so the result would be measured on the same rows the search used; 40 rows, 0 scoreable; 0 comparable examples - a wiring check, not a score
    OK where the rows came from      40 collected of 40 rows; declared sources: real

  EVALUATION  --------------------  0/100  (1 of 4 checks measured)
    ? no evaluator
        !! tried on answers already known right and wrong
        ? separates good answers from bad
        ? same answer every time
        ? right kind of check for this output

  FIX BEFORE PAID RUN No agent reached this score - no settings document, no reading of its source, and no declaration that one exists - so there is nothing for a paid search to compare configurations of. Point this run at the agent to optimize, or create one.
  FIX BEFORE PAID RUN Rows have inputs but no expected outputs, so there is nothing to score a configuration against.
  FIX BEFORE PAID RUN No evaluation method is connected, so no result can be trusted.

  Local pre-run planning estimate, not a probability or measured optimization result.
Action: Connect an existing agent or prepare a walkthrough agent.
exit=0
